Officer Torres had an
illegal sexual relationship
with his CI.
Detective Burgess knew
and was complicit.
Why are you here?
I'd like you and
I to be friends.
Jesus Otero doesn't have
a single violent
prior on his record.
You like having criminals
in your pocket too?
Reid protects him.
- How?
By making sure his
enemies end up dead.
You know her?
I just had her
brother in the box.
Kaiden Clark.
You ever see him with Otero?
Once. outside
Otero's funeral home.
That's where Otero
launders his drug money.
- And now what?
- I'm gonna take his ass down.
- How are you gonna do that?
- With you.
Reid has dirt on this unit.
Chapman and I will
find a way to bury him.
- And we'll help.
- He will destroy your careers.
We're helping.
- Morning.
Sorry.
I thought I could keep going.
- Oh. no.
We were both tired. Couch OK?
Yeah.
Was I dreaming or did I
just hear a piano playing?
Yeah. it's my alarm.
That's your alarm?
Bach?
Well. it was Camille's.
I just never changed it.
Oh.
I didn't even know what it was.
- It's nice.
- Yeah.
Coffee?
- Yeah. please.
Oh. I just got the preliminary
quarterly CompStat report.
Lawndale. Little Village.
murders are down
30% over last year.
Otero's keeping the
neighborhood safe.
Maybe Reid should
give him a medal.
I'll tell you something.
Those numbers are all a lie.
Reid keeps Otero in power. He
murders innocents to do it.
We just need an in. one in.
Yeah.
Can I ask you a
personal question?
You can ask.
You looked happy.
I was.
I'm sorry that you had
to go through that.
All right. where's the question?
Oh. right.
Why haven't you wanted it again?
Did you miss it. get lonely?
Gotten used to it.
Mm.
I don't notice it anymore.
- That Lanahan from Narcotics?
- Yeah.
He's the one I looped
in on the need to know.
This could be something.
- Yeah. let's do it.
My guys grabbed a low-level
Otero dealer. Joey Mazo.
He on your radar?
- Nah.
OK. well. he's a parolee.
and he's got some headaches.
He got high. crashed his car.
and he got caught
carrying a stolen Ruger.
He have drugs on him?
Needle and spoon in his pocket.
Yeah. dude's going
back to prison.
He's scared and desperate.
looking to make a deal.
Have at him.
- Thanks.
Who the hell are you?
Your new friends.
I'm State's Attorney
Nina Chapman.
This is Sergeant Voight.
You got information
on Jesus Otero?
- Not for free. I don't.
- OK.
What's your price?
Staying out of prison.
What can you tell us
about Jesus Otero?
OK. you're scared
of him. We get it.
You give us something
real. we'll protect you.
Look. I've been inside
Otero's funeral home.
Two days ago. he moved
his entire operation
to the basement with
the dead bodies.
Drugs. money. packaging.
cutting agents. it's all there.
Why would he move it?
His main stash house was
facing the wrecking ball.
State inspectors with hard
hats have been all over it.
so Otero moved everything.
- OK.
OK. how do you know this?
I helped him take it there.
That's a good tip. right?
That's a tip worth my freedom?
Now. we all know everyone
faces trials in their life.
but you get these moments where
you decide who you really are.
and Juan Jose decided
time again and again
that he was a family man. OK?
And we are here to
celebrate his spirit today.
Now. let's remember
Juan's gentle way.
And thank you all
for being here.
All right. Torres should
have an opportunity
to place the cam soon.
Confirmation of product
in one fell swoop.
- Yeah.
- I like this priest. though.
We should use him
for the wedding.
Did you hear from
your Uncle Mike?
Yeah. he's driving
down from Milwaukee.
That puts us at 113. Adam.
113.
- We'll make a way.
Are you nervous?
- I'm quaking.
Can't I just go home. Dad?
This is boring.
Hey. I need you here.
And boring is good
for our neighborhood.
You should be thanking God
that you get to be bored.
Señor Jesús.
Thank you.
All right.
Let me know when it's clear.
OK. Otero's moving.
Looks like he left
an employee behind.
so be careful.
- Copy.
All right. Pin-cam's up.
You got a feed?
- Yeah. we're good.
We have eyes. Torres.
Hey. Dante. pan left for me.
Oh. that's perfect. Thank you.
Yeah. that's right.
Yeah. I hear you.
All right. brother. I think
he's just grabbing paperwork.
Just hold on.
All right. You're
good to go. man.
Get out of there.
All right. we're
clear. We got our in.
- Anything yet?
- No.
Otero's legit crew is prepping
for a funeral at noon.
Basement was quiet all
night. Nothing yet.
Same with the front.
It closed down at 2100
hours. no visitors.
OK. Atwater just checked in.
He did a long drive-by
through Otero's territory.
Corner boys are
all busy slinging.
OK. so he's fat.
We just wait him out till
his buyers want to re-up.
And then what's the play?
The product is at
Otero's business.
He's gonna be hands on.
We record him moving
product. it's game over.
We squeeze him to get to Reid.
This is what we've
been waiting for.
Reid's here to see you.
I told him you were headed out.
Keep working off
the covert channel.
Thanks. Trudy.
Hank. You got a second?
Sure.
Where you headed?
I got a tip on
that Garfield Park
home invasion crew.
- Good to hear.
I was concerned.
Concerned?
Arrests and seizures are
down the last three weeks.
- OK.
- OK?
Some cases take time.
Sure.
Detective Burgess was also
supposed to be at a debrief
this morning. She didn't show.
What. are we holding
outdoor roll call here?
I'm just asking a question.
a real simple one.
Look. my people are
conducting covert operations.
I kept Burgess in
play. It was my call.
OK.
You got more?
We're on the same side. Hank.
I don't know why
it feels like I'm
always pulling teeth with you.
This is me friendly.
We're all just working
to protect Chicago.
keep the city safe. Right?
Get your numbers back up.
It gets me nervous when my
favorites start inching down.
Makes me feel like I
bet on the wrong horse.
Yes. I got her over here.
Did you get Laurel back home?
- Yeah.
- OK. good.
Is it empty upstairs?
Yeah. everyone's gone.
All right.
Let's go.
Hmm.
Want some more coffee?
No. I'm good.
OK.
Well. I'ma be right
back. All right?
Yeah. I got it.
Kev.
- Hmm?
You see that?
Yeah. Who the hell is that?
I have no idea.
Whoever he is. he's definitely
skimming the supply.
Somebody from Otero's
crew. you think?
I don't know.
Let's find out.
Yeah?
Yo. Sarge. we got a break-in
at Otero's funeral home...
tall male. black hoodie.
Just scooped up
about a quarter key.
He still in there?
Yeah. he just walked out the
side door. stepped into an SUV.
We could be on him
in two seconds.
Good. Do not scoop him up.
Find out who he is.
We can use this.
Copy you.
Stand by. Grab that plate.
675...
Got it?
Yeah.
Yep. and they come back
hot. stolen last night
out of Lincoln Park.
registered to a Lisa Babbitt.
You see him turn left on Monroe?
Yep. see it.
Parking now.
Walking away.
Kev. this is...
this is the block
Otero lives on.
You're damn right.
This guy could be armed.
He's approaching
Otero's house. right?
We are gonna have to stop him.
You've got to be kidding me.
Otero's kid?
He just ripped his old man.
All right. this is
Otero's son. Reinerio.
He goes by Rennie.
He's 18 years old.
He just graduated high school.
By all accounts. Otero's
trying to steer Rennie right.
Doesn't want him in
the game. protects him.
The mom's deceased. right?
Five years ago. car accident.
Otero has done
everything in his power
to keep his kids straight.
- I checked Rennie's socials.
In half of his photos.
he's doing "Pokémon Go."
and the other ones. he's
fronting in the street.
It's like he doesn't
know who he is.
Hmm.
What about the drugs he ripped?
Kev sat at Otero's house.
This morning. when
he hit the streets.
Kev followed him.
and that's Rennie.
He's dealing on the
streets in Berwyn.
We could use this.
do a buy bust.
get leverage on Otero.
We're off book. though.
Where do we hold him?
A fed safehouse.
I can find one that's dark.
Let's do it.
Yo.
Are you lost or doing business?
I'm all about the business.
Yeah? Yeah?
You throw me a dub? I got 20.
For sure. Show me.
All right.
All right. man. let's
see what you got.
I ain't buying no
stepped on toys.
You know what I mean?
- I got the best.
This way.
This kid's raw.
This stuff is for real.
Tell your friends.
- It looks good.
I sure will.
Have a great day.
Chicago PD! Let
me see your hands!
- What?
- Hands in the air. Rennie.
Don't run!
- Kev. he's coming toward you.
Stop!
Rennie. stop!
Kev. on your six!
- Drop it!
- Ow!
Yo. you hit me with your car!
- You just shot at me!
- Come on.
- What are you an idiot?
- Yeah. is that what you do?
You just hit people
with your car. man?
- You're shooting the cops?
- Ow. my ankle!
Shut up.
Come on.
I was selling a
tiny amount of dope.
There ain't no reason
to be doing this.
Rennie. you shot at us.
That is attempted murder
of a police officer.
You didn't announce.
I didn't hear you announce.
- We announced.
I need to make my
call. All right?
I got to make my call.
You want to call your dad?
You gonna tell him
you sold his dope?
Yeah. we know you stole
your father's dope.
We know he's the biggest
heroin dealer in Lawndale.
Rennie. you want
to get out of this.
you got to tell
us what you know.
No. no. I don't know anything.
If you don't talk. kid.
you're gonna go to prison.
Nah.
I know better than to talk.
Take it easy. Take it easy.
I'm police.
We have your son.
What?
Just lower that Glock.
and I will show you
proof that we're holding him.
Put it down.
There you go. Put it down.
Your son sold a gram of dope
to my undercover officer.
This stuff is for real.
Tell your friends.
Then he evaded arrest.
Then he shot at police.
This is how police
notifies a parent...
- Nah.
- Breaking into my house?
Jesus.
I know who you are.
You clear a half a million
in dope every month.
You run Lawndale.
And the reason you
hold it is because
Deputy Chief Reid protects you.
You're Voight?
Yeah.
I am.
Your son's looking at 30 years.
You understand me?
30 years.
He will walk away
if you cooperate.
What do you want?
I want Reid.
- Where is my son?
- He's safe.
You help us. he will go free.
I've heard stories about you.
If you're anything like Reid.
I need proof that
my son's alive.
I don't say another
word until I know.
OK.
Boss?
I'm sitting here with Otero.
Put Rennie on speaker.
Yeah. hang on.
Your father wants
to talk to you.
All right.
You're on with
Rennie. Go ahead.
Son?
Did they hurt you?
No. No. I'm fine.
Dad. uh...
I'm sorry.
Papi. I'm so sorry.
I messed up.
I'll fix this.
Stay strong.
Stay quiet. mijo.
Come on.
Adam. you good?
Yeah. Boss. Yeah.
we're standing by.
Why shouldn't I believe
that Reid can fix this.
get my son released.
wipe you off the map of Chicago?
You can believe that.
But I got a team.
I'm not the only one who knows.
And how much can you trust him?
Hmm?
I would need it in writing.
We're past that.
He's the deputy chief of police.
You have to trust me.
What do you want to know?
How involved is Reid
in your operation?
I mean. does he touch
or help move product?
No. he keeps the
police off my back.
You pay him for this protection?
No.
- How do you communicate?
- Burners.
We switch out once a week.
Did Reid order the hit of a
drug addict named Jessa Clark
to gain leverage on a witness?
Yes.
Who pulled the trigger?
- I don't know.
- Are you sure?
If it's one of yours.
I'll protect 'em.
Reid took care of it.
One of his men did the hit.
I don't know who.
This man. he's not normal.
You understand that. right?
He says he likes me because
I keep my crew in line.
I keep the streets safe.
Talks of his poor
murdered mother.
But he likes me
because he owns me.
You get that?
He's not normal.
He's not right.
What are you doing?
That's enough for now.
I'll return in 24 hours.
My son's not the same.
He's not like us.
He's a good kid.
Yeah. it's all here. 10. 20.
30. 35k and change.
. Buy
Larita something nice.
Turn around. both
of you. Turn around.
Turn around! Move! Move! Move!
Come on!
- Turn around.
Put the money in the bag.
- No. no. no.
Yeah.
- Hey. hey. hey. hey. hey. hey.
Turn around. put the
money in the bag.
Come on. Move!
- Open the safe.
- Go to hell.
What did you say?
Open the safe!
Now!
- OK. OK. OK. OK.
Easy.
- Now!
Come on. let's go! Let's go!
Hurry up! Let's go!
Fill it now! Go!
Come on!
You're making a big mistake.
- Shut up. bitch!
- We gotta go!
We gotta go!
- Whoo!
- Huh?
That was fun. dawg.
- Yeah?
- No one's following.
We got flashed by two red
light cams on our way in.
so if Reid checks.
we're gonna pop.
OK.
Just wire the bag. leave
it at the stash house.
and switch cars.
Copy that.
Thanks for coming.
So?
I just got ripped. $750k.
Two men in masks
got the jump on me
and Silva in the basement.
- They speak in Spanish?
- No.
No. but one of
them had an accent.
It could be that new
crew in Fullerton or...
Or?
It could be one of my own.
You know. not many people
know I had cash down there.
You get a look at
the Ripper's car?
Yeah. it's a gray
Mercedes. Indiana plates
started with 9-something.
That's all I got.
I owe this money tomorrow
to some serious people.
You know. bodies will fall.
Come on. Reid. bite.
I know you don't
want that. so...
Do you think you know me?
Hmm?
I need your help...
help to sort it. and then
we'll be right back to order.
I promise.
Hey. come on. This is
part of the job. right?
No dealer gets by without a rip.
You know this.
Stay safe.
Reid took the bait.
A cop in the 17th ran PODs and
cams near Otero's funeral home.
Then they did a plate
search on the Mercedes.
- Who's the cop?
- Tony Weston. Vice.
He and Reid are fishing buddies.
They take trips to Mackinaw.
- The Mercedes?
Still where Atwater parked it.
three blocks away from
the phony stash house.
Reid or one of his lackeys
is bound to get there
soon to grab that money.
The team's bedded down. waiting.
Thanks.
Yo. we got M plates at 11:00.
Occupied two times.
Come on.
MP26J. John. 2D. David.
There's a 12th District Tact.
They're rolling their beat.
Adam?
Kim. you got a Tact
vehicle coming your way.
I think they're just on the job.
OK. we see it.
It's turning.
It's headed south.
False alarm.
All right. copy.
- Kim.
- They're moving. Sarge.
We got an unmarked
that just passed.
But nothing else
yet. It's real quiet.
OK.
Just stay on it.
- Copy.
- How long has it been?
Three hours.
And Otero put a clock on Reid?
Mm.
35k and change.
Buy
Larita something nice.
Turn around. both of you.
Turn around.
- Turn around! Turn around!
Move! Move!
Move! Come on.
Turn around. Put the
money in the bag.
Hey. hey. hey. hey. hey. hey.
Turn around. put the
money in the bag.
Come on. Move!
What the hell just happened?
We're made.
Get everyone out.
- Wait. what?
What happened?
Reid's got Silva in his pocket.
Just get back to the
district and stand by.
All right. what do we know?
Otero checked in with
us at 2000 hours.
His phone went off
20 minutes later.
Tracker still has his
car parked in the garage.
- Rennie?
- He's safe.
A patrol officer I
trust has him covered.
and they think we're
cultivating a CI.
- Reid?
- Went home at 6:00.
I had someone
drive by his house.
He's there.
Reid must have ordered somebody
to grab Otero. because they
didn't kill him at his house.
They want to know
how far along we are.
All right. dig into Reid's men.
this Weston and
Silva.
It's Adam.
Hey. Adam. I'm
here with everyone.
I just did a low-key knock
and talk around Otero's block.
Neighbors saw a large white van
pulling out of Otero's driveway.
It was ten minutes before
you got there. Boss.
Run all the PODs.
I want that plate.
- All right. get back.
We're running the PODs.
Somebody talk to me. Come on.
Got it.
White van. three blocks
from Otero's place at 2031.
Running plates. One sec.
One sec.
It's hot. recent steal.
Registered to an Alan
Morton. plumber. no sheet.
All right. run it
through ISPERN.
Check all tolls and
plate readers now.
All right. It's locked in.
OK. we got one hit going
through Summit Oasis.
headed westbound. another
through Burr Ridge.
He didn't hit any exits. so...
come on. Here we go.
He hit a state
police camera passing
by Clarendon Hills Road.
- Yep. yep. I see it.
- You see it?
I see it.
I got it exiting 55 near Darien.
OK. What exit?
- 273-B.
- 273-B?
Yep. I got a foreclosed property
three miles away from that exit.
and it's on the narcotics index.
Huge meth lab in the basement.
- Reid would know about that.
- OK.
Loop in Ruzek. Let's go.
- The house is clear. Sarge.
- Copy.
The barn is clear.
Shed's clear.
Stable is clear.
I got blood and disturbed earth.
Adam. see if you can find
any shovels in that shed.
Yeah. copy.
I got it.
Whoa. whoa. whoa.
Stop. Stop. Stop. Stop
Jesus.
OK. call the local police.
Say it's part of an
ongoing investigation.
Officer Torres.
Stand up.
On your feet. son.
Don't move.
Hands behind your back.
You're under arrest
for official misconduct
due to your sexual relationship
with your CI. Gloria Perez.
Detective Burgess.
you are hereby
stripped of all police powers.
You are suspended
immediately in no pay status.
pending further review
for official misconduct
and the aid and destruction
of evidence regarding
Officer Torres's
illegal relationship.
Hand the gentleman your badge.
Do it.
Move.
Sergeant Voight. this
Intelligence Unit
is hereby disbanded
pending further review.
Do you have any questions?
No.
Hank. I heard what happened.
Are you there?
Hank. answer the door.
We can fight this.
--